There once was a newbie coder who was determined to get an assignment done, but was constantly disrupted! 
After several days of starting and stopping, this coder was resolved to dig in and finish the job. 
There seemed to be some good momentum building, until the phone rang. 

"Hey mom," came the sound of her adorable 20-year-old son. "Something happened to my car..."

An hour later, she's back to the assignment, although, writing stories isn't one of her favorite things to do. 
(Disrupted or distracted?) She reached out to her coding partner, asking for help. Maybe he can save the day!!!

The code newbie's partner woke up in the middle of the night, as he often does due to sleep issues anyways.
He noticed that he had recieved an invite to collaborate on on a project with his fellow code newbie.
With anticipation he crept out of bed out of bed, so as not to disturb his 5 year old who had just pitter pattered into bed, and see what was in store!
The partner noticed the new file was supposed to have a specific name in order to keep in line with the instruction, so he changed it.

Newbie related to the "sleep issues". She wonders if that's a prerequisite for being a proper coder! Over the next few years, both "newbies"
study and work hard. They go on to build code that changes peoples' lives for the better and both are rewarded with great satisfaction and, of
course, oodles of money to spend on their families and many others in need.

(Maybe not-so-surprising of an ending!!)

In a different timeline the Code Newbies relize that sometimes you gotta find the extra time to work and that they are on the right track.
This realization reduced theeir stress because they understood that it doesnt matter how long it takes to learn something as long as learning has occured.
Upon completion of their amazing coding bootcamp they continued to build applications and web apps with complete satisfaction, a great work lif balance,
and of course a decent paycheck because both Newbies know their worth, value, and how to negotiate a position due to the life experience they have.
